All right, the recording system is on. So let's start with today's info session. So firstly, let me introduce myself. My name is Yulin. So you must receive at least one or two emails from me saying that, well, I'm the Inbound Coordinator, so which means I'm in charge for all of the exchange students in NCCU here, well for the University Levels of Exchange. So if you do face any issue, please feel free to come to OIC and find me, and not only me, Kiki, my colleague will be also helping you guys to solve your problems. Okay, all right, so yeah, let's start with our presentation today. So today we just give you some more information regarding to what you need to know and what you need to prepare before the semester begin. There are very important stuff such as the course selection. This is the most important part for today. So before I start it, I need to everyone to know one thing is that in NCCU here, we do have several different exchange programs, and you guys are in the program which we call it as the University Levels of Exchange. So every time when you've got other friends and come from the same universities asking you for information, there's one thing you need to be clarified, that's whether you guys are in the same program or not. Sometimes if you guys are in the different programs, I know that our College of Commerce or our College of Communications, they all have their own exchange program. So sometimes if you share our information to them, they may have the wrong information since we are actually in a different exchange program. So please make sure that if you want to share some more information to your friends, it's totally fine, but please make sure that you guys are in the same program, or at least remind them to double check with their coordinators. Okay? All right. So you guys are in the University of Exchange program. So what will we cover for today? We will cover about the information stack. So may I know if everyone's got their information stack? If you do, give me a thumbs up. All good? All good? Information stack? Because you guys should really receive that one because this is the most important part which you guys will need to use it. All right? But if you haven't received, even if you're missing any part of it, missing part one, part two, part three, or part four, please send us an email. We will just send you the part you're missing. Okay? If you miss four of them, still send us an email. We will send you all of the information stack. All right. So what is the information stack? Information stack, we actually separate into four. So it's actually each of the parts is actually reflect to different sections. So part one, we're talking about your ID, student ID, your password, accommodations, and also we talk about your intensive mentoring status. At part two, we talk about the INCCU systems, NCCU emails, and the course selections. Of course, we also give you the link and also you can download more detailed guide from our link too. And then in the part three, we're talking about the arrival surveys and the insurance you need to have, and the medical exam you're going to take, and yeah, some more information about mentoring course. At part four, we will talk about the new student package, the payment slip, and the campus don't move-ins, orientation day, culture, and the culture trip. All right. So let's start. I mean, each of the, I mean, first part and part one and part two, after I finish part one and part two, I will give everyone's times which you guys can ask a question. So if you do have any question, feel free to type it in the message for me. So I will read that in the Q&A sections and also answer your question. Okay? All right. Is everyone all good? If so, then we're going to move into the next part. All right. So everyone have already received your student, your information stack. Part one. Part one is talk about your student ID. Does everyone have their own student IDs? And then we talk about your accommodation options and then the intensive mentoring course, of course. So what is your student ID can do? Student ID can use it as your ID to enter to the NCCU system. And it also can use as the ID to enter to the course selection system. And the default password, as I have marked in here, just put NCCU and the month and the date of your birth, and that's it. This is the default password. So please make sure to change your password after the first time you can log in. And there's one more thing. Please make sure to remember your password. Because every semester, I do have a student, a lot of students send me an email saying that they forgot their password. And unfortunately, I won't be able to change it for you. I will need to contact the IT team to support with this part. And it's actually quite complicated. So please make sure to, well, remember your password, the password you set. Okay? All right. So what else student ID can do? Around the NCCU campus, we always got Wi-Fi everywhere. This is the ID you're going to do. And then, the most important part is when can I log into all of the facility or all of the systems? Well, that will be in August 7th. Well, actually, it's around August 7th. So sometimes you can have a child on 6th of August. They may open the system for you guys a bit earlier. But no matter what, no later than 7th of August. So kindly not to send me an email saying that why you can't log into your system before 7th of August. I've already received about five or six students asking me about these questions. So the system is not open. So that's why you can't log into the system. Okay? All right. So and inside of Part 1, there's a few more things you need to confirm for me. So the next thing you need to confirm will be your accommodations. It's supposed to list that whether you are in the on-campus dorm or off-campus or you are staying in a house. If the accommodations options is wrong, for example, it's supposed to be on-campus dorm but I actually listed off-campus, send us an email immediately so we can fix it. And please do not send me an email asking whether I still have a spot for YouTube viewing. Unfortunately, we don't. So this is bad news. But currently, we don't have any IHOP spot but we do have some more spot viewing if you want to stay in the on-campus dorm. I know some of you guys may already hear about the issues we have in our on-campus dorm. Sorry to actually say it as an issue but I mean, because our on-campus dorm is a four-person sharing room, it is totally different to other universities, well, in your countries. And you need to share your room with three other students. A lot of people cannot actually get used to it. So if you do not like it, we don't force you to stay in the on-campus dorm. But in that case, you will need to find your accommodations off-campus. Okay. All right. All right. So, oh, we are up to part two already. Oh, sorry. By the way, there's one more thing I need to remind you guys. There's one more thing you need to check that for me. It's about the status of your intensive mentoring course. So among all of our mentoring course, there's one mentoring course which is managed by OIC, which is me, is the intensive mentoring course. The intensive mentoring course is the course which you need to take, I mean, for class a week and a bunch of work you need to do. Only, I mean, it's actually set for students who are actually focused on intensive to improve in their mentoring. So if you do apply for the intensive mentoring, please double-check if you actually said that it's registered or not registered. And if it's not registered and you don't want to take any other mentoring course, don't worry about that. Don't need to do anything for it. But if there's other mentoring course you want to take, please make sure to apply that on time. And later on, I will talk some more about mentoring course later. Okay? All right. So this is basically part one. Part one are the ID and password, which is your private information. We need to show that to you and some of the information you need to confirm for me. So if there's any missing info, I mean, if there's any information incorrect, for example, you are not supposed to be in the intensive mentoring class, but you actually show that you are registered for the class, please send us an email and send to the accommodation as well. Okay? All good? Great. Great. Well, that gives me some more information so I can tell if you guys are not sleeping. All right. Next one, let's talk about part two. Part two basically are the link for you to enter to a system which I mentioned. So the INCCU system, the NCCU webmails, and the course selection system. I think these three systems are the most important systems you guys need to know. Firstly about the INCCU system, INCCU system is basically about all of the information inside of NCCU, such as your academic grade you can find from there, and if you've lost your student ID card, you can find from there. And they also have a section you can actually find out the lost and found items because they will upload it online too. And they also can show your on-campus dorm accommodation status, which means you can find out your roommate, who will be your roommate. Well, you're only able to see their name, but at least you will know how to call them. However, those informations, I mean, the on-campus dorm information, I think they're only uploaded around at the very late of August. All right, so INCCU system will be the system which you, I mean, during your life in NCCU here, the NCCU programs, and if you do have any questions and if you do have anything you want to apply, I mean, officially, that is the system where you're going to use. And the second thing will be NCCU Webmail. NCCU Webmail is also important. I know all of you do have your own email box, but however, please make sure to set up the NCCU Webmail box, and we do have a facility which student is able to set the mails automatically forward to your personal mailbox. The reason why it's very important for you guys to set up the NCCU Webmail is that the NCCU Webmail is the only mailbox will not reject any emails sent from our official channel. So I know a lot of students, your email box have different settings, but the NCCU mailbox is the one which will never reject any emails from NCCU. So to ensure that you receive all of the important information, not only from me, but from other departments. Sometimes, you know, the different department, they may have a different event or sometimes the course you take, the course instructors, they may have some of the information they want to share to you. They will send it through the webmails, I mean, the NCCU Webmail. So our students can receive that. So please make sure to log into your NCCU Webmails when you can do it and set up the automatic forward to forward the mails to your mailbox so it will be easier for you to read the mails and you won't be able to miss any of the important emails sent from other departments. Okay? All right. The third one will be the course selection system. The course selection system, yeah, is the place where you actually use to apply for the course. However, for this one, the course selection system, the open type of the system is not August 7th. The course selection system only opens when it's available for course selections. So I will talk some more about that later, but please remember, course selection system only opens when you can take action. Okay? All right. So, yeah, this is what I mentioned about the NCCU and webmails and, I mean, by the way, I forgot to mention that after today's info section, of course, I will share everyone's the record videos and also I will share our today's PowerPoints so you guys can have and use the link inside. And, by the way, those links are able to find in the information stack as well. Okay? All right. That's, now we're talking about the most important part about the course selections. I will talk some more about that later. Okay. Just give me some more time. All right. All right. About the course selection systems, basically, this is all the information you need to know. The link to enter to the, the link to the webpage. And then how you're going to log in, and then you can actually download the detailed instruction about how to select the course with this link. All right. Then we talk about the most important part is how is the course selections in NCCUs look like. So NCCU's course selection will be divided to five phases. Phase one, the initial online course selections, it will be happens in August 25th till 26th. Only got two days of it. However, does this phase one very important? From my point of view, not really. Phase one is for students to select, I mean, mainly for local students to select their required course. So which means not all of the course will be released and available for students to apply at phase one. So if you miss out on phase one, totally fine. And if you can't find the course you want to apply, it's totally normal because phase one only opens for some of the department course, which, yeah, some of the department course. So which is not, not all of the course will be open at phase one. So phase one, this is the first one you will face. Okay. All right. Then phase two. This, I will say the most important time you must remember. Okay. Because in phase two, all of the course will become available for you to select, except, except for PE class. So if you do interesting on some of the sport class, badmintons and taijis or yogas, etc. Those PE class are not available to select online. However, the rest of other course, including the general course and including other, I mean, the departments, academic course, they will be available to select at phase two. So please do not miss out phase two. If I need to rate all of the phases, which is the most important part, I will rate phase two is the most important part. And the date is August 31st and up to September 2nd. Okay. Now you will come up with a question saying that, and do we actually apply that on first come first serve basis or how it's going to be? Well, I mean, in phase one and phase two, no matter, student applies to phase one and phase two, they will actually go enter to our systems and they will actually check every student's priority. For examples, I mean, if you are enrolled in maybe say the history department, normally you will get higher priority to enter to a history, I mean, to enter to the course offered by the history departments compared to other students maybe enrolled to, let's say, Chinese departments, et cetera. So no matter, I mean, when you do it, as long as you actually log in on time and submit all of your applications, that will be fine. You don't need to be rushed so that you need to be the first one to enter to a system to fill it. But please make sure don't miss out the times. So make sure to enter to the system and submit your course by applications on time. Okay. So phase two, I will say that that will be the most important phases. You really need to be very careful about that. Okay. All right. So phase three, phase three, oh, sorry, my bad. I mean, phase two, sorry, I haven't finished about it. Phase two will be the most important stuff in it. So how will you know that when, I mean, your application is successful or not? You will need to wait until September 5th, September 5th. And on September 5th, the result of your course selection at phase one and phase two will be informed to you. So you will know at that time. At that time, you also can log into the system to check if you do got the course you want to get. All right. And the next question you may come up will be, if I did not get into the class which I want to go in, what should I do? So for the course, for example, if the capacity of the course is like 25 and you just happen to be the 26 students. So you won't be able to, so the result will show that you are not, I mean, you are not enrolled to the class, but however, you will be in a waiting list. All right. So talk about a waiting list, which means we are going to enter to phase three. Phase three, which is the online add and drop-in period. So start off on September 7th and up to September 14th, which is basically the first week of the semester. So in this week, there will be something you can do is that if you do have any class you want to add, you still can do that online. And if you do have a class you don't want, that you want to drop it, you also can do that online. But how the system is going to work is that for any new courses you want to add, simply just fill out, I mean, go through to the course selection system and add yourself in that. And then you will be filling into the waiting list. Every day after five, I think after six, after six, the system will be closed for about an hour. So they will check all of the people in the waiting list and they check the people who want to drop the class. So they will remove all of the students who apply to drop the class. And then fill in with the student on the waiting list. At that time, it's actually run as first come, first serve. So if you do have any course you do not, I mean, you didn't get it at phase one and phase two and you really want to get it or you forgot, I mean, you're also not in the waiting list, make sure to add the course for you as soon as possible. The earlier you put yourself into the waiting list, I mean, the higher chance you can get enrolled to the class. So that is phase three. And same thing, I mean, to drop the class is quite simple. Just go into the system and simply click that you want to drop it, then you will drop it. Okay. So that is the phase three. All right. Then we, after the phase three, we enter to phase four. Phase four, we will call it manual adding and dropping period. So it started from September 15th and up to 21st. But there's one thing, so at this period of time, the online system will be closed. So you won't be able to add or drop any course online. I mean, but however, whether you still can add or drop the course, yes, you do. But you will need to apply that manually. So there will be a phone which we will give to you if there's any course you want to add. Then you bring the phone, find the professor, ask their permissions, and they will send a phone for you. After they send the phone, bring the phone to the department which offer the course. If the course is offered by history departments, go to the history department office. If the course is offered by maybe, say, the accounting department, then bring it to the accounting department office. Simple. So that's how the manual adding process is going to do. And if you want to drop the course at phase four, you need to print out the course dropping form online. Still, you need to find out the professor and ask him for the permissions. They will need to send a phone for you. And then you hand the phone to the registration office, which is different from you adding the course. So adding course, you will need to hand the phone to the department which offer the course. To drop the course, you will need to hand the phone to the registration office. All clear? All right. Thank you. Thanks for the reactions. So, this is in phase four, and there's one thing which you will need to be careful about that is that, I mean, to enter to the system to print out the course dropping form is only available up to 20, because the system will be closed on 21st. So if there's any course you want to drop manually, I mean, you didn't drop it at phase three and you want to drop it at phase four, make sure to print out the form, at least print out the form before, by 20s, otherwise the 21st, they will close down the systems. So no one can use the systems. Okay. All right. So the last bit, which I will say the less important part, oh, my bad. I think I missed out the one more part in, I forgot to add in. There's one more phase, which is called phase five. Phase five is not for students to add the course. It's for students to withdraw the course. So I think I missed out that page. I will make sure to add that page in, I mean, while I release all of the PPT files. Okay. All right. So there's one more phase, which is called phase five, which will be happen in the mid of the semester, only for students to withdraw a class. So what is the difference between, I mean, drop a class and withdraw a class? So to drop a class, which means it will be disappeared from your course list. I mean, it will not appear on your course schedules, will not appear on your transcript. This will be disappeared. It will be gone for forever. This is how you, this is drop a course. But to withdraw a course is that, I mean, you decide to give up this course. So it will still appear on your transcript. But instead of your grade, they will give you a W mark, say that you withdraw the class. Okay. And some of you may think that, why should you do that? You just don't attend the class, it will be fine. It's not really fine because, I mean, attendance in NCCU here are very important. So our professor will try to reach you if you miss out a class. And if you miss a lot of class, they will even more, they will even try to, try even harder to figure out why you're missing out that much of a class. And they will contact me as well, and I will need to contact you. So if there's any course you don't want to take, drop it. So make sure to attend the first lesson. I mean, the reason why we have our phase three and phase four, where students can add in dropping a course in the first week and the second week of a semester, is we do give our students a chance to enter the first lessons to know what is the course going to be teaching. And if the course doesn't really fit you, change it. Change it while you can. Drop it while you can. Okay. So this is the most, this is a very important part. You must remember about this, okay? All right. Next one, the credit transfer. All right. So talk about credit transfer. One NCCU credit means 16 lecture hours, and that's normally equals to two ECTS. But how it's actually really transferred, it all depends on your home university. So if you worry about it, please make sure to go back and ask your home universities about how they're going to transfer the credit back. Because at the end of the day, your home university decides whether you can transfer your credit or not. Not me. So if you do have any questions regarding how to transfer your credit back, please consult with your home university's international department. All right. All right. For the mentoring class. All right. Mentoring class, because starting from this semester, the CLC does come up with a very, I mean, several ideas to evaluate or to improve our mentoring course. And they give students more and more variety to select. And I just, I saw this one student is asking about, you're asking about how to apply for the mentoring course, right? All right. This is a time which I will share the information. All right. So mentoring course are actually separated into four different type of a course. Firstly, the intensive mentoring course, which is managed by me. So how are you going to apply it or how are you going to drop it? Find me. Send me your emails before 3rd of August. I will help you to add and help you to drop the course before 3rd of August. Okay. All right. The second thing, the second, I mean, course they will offer will be called, how they call it? They call a basic or elementary mentoring. Those course are available online at the online service, which is shared by CLC. So how are you going to find the surveys? You need to, I mean, you can either enter to the CLC's official website or you can enter to OIC's official website. We do have this, I mean, course announced and our announcements. So make sure to, if you do interesting on the basic or elementary, I mean, mentoring course, please make sure to apply that online. All right. And then up to the apply and the thematic mentoring course. Those course are designed for students which have a higher language proficiency. So as I know, those course are designed for like A2 or above levels. And each of the course actually in, with a different topic. And how are you going to apply it? Apply it just like how you apply other academic course, which is how are you going to apply that at phase, I don't think it's open on phase one, so phase two, phase two. And please make sure to apply that on phase two as soon as possible because I know it's a bit complicated to add at phase three and phase four due to how CLC want to manage it. It will be a bit complicated to add or drop at phase four, at phase three and phase four. So if you do interesting in those class, make sure to do that on phase two and add those course to your application list. All right. And the last pick, which is called standard mentoring enhancement series. Basically this is a mentoring course, which is quite similar to the basic and the elementary mentoring course. But the main difference is that the basic class, I think it's about three credits and it's like three hours per week. And the standard mentoring enhancement series, it's like four hours a week. And they got two lessons, two lessons a week, each lesson got two hours. That's what I know about it. And for these lessons, the main target of this course are for the degree students, but they're also open for exchange students as well. So which means that if the class reach to its capacity, the degree students, degree seekers in NCSU here will get a first priority. And then to the exchange students. And how are you going to apply that? Still, you need to apply through the online survey from the CLC before the 3rd of August. All right. So for the mentoring class, let's say again, for intensive mentoring class, you'll find me. And then for the basic elementary and the standard mentoring enhancement series, please go to the CLC online surveys and submit the forms by 3rd of August. And for our class, please, I mean, apply the course just like any other academic class. All right. And then we talk about the mentoring placement exam. So if you are actually in the intensive mentoring class or the basic or elementary class or even the, how we call it, the enhancement series, the standard mentoring enhancement series, I mean, you will need to take a placement exam unless you are totally beginners. So if you have zero experience about mentoring before, then you don't need to take the exam. You will need to take the placement exam. But don't think too much on the placement exam. Placement exam doesn't really mean anything. Well, it does mean something, but it's not actually going to affect your academic, I mean, your academic record or something like that. It's only for us to identify which class level is the best for you. So by actually complete all the placement exams, we will be able to know that which class is better for you. So there's two tips you need to know. Firstly, attend the placement exam. Secondly, do not cheat. Or maybe third point is that better not prepare anything. Don't prepare for it because as long as you don't prepare, I mean, the CLC will know your correct level. I mean, you are not going to, like, I mean, do your best at your placement exams and send yourself to a very difficult class which you don't really get understand to the class. Doesn't really make sense, isn't it? So please, make sure just attend the placement exams normally, or by the way, this is online, so you can just, I mean, do the placement exam during the test periods, any time during the test periods. And then they will also have oral interviews at that time. This is also for the same purpose. I mean, normally, I mean, before we used to have the oral interviews at the first lessons and we figured out this is actually a waste of time. So we changed it to online. And the oral interview doesn't really mean anything. They just want you to simply know your Mandarin speaking and listening skills so they can better send you to the right class for you. Okay? So please make sure no cheating and don't prepare. Please do not prepare for it. And by the way, if you do insist to go to other class, for example, I mean, you attend the first lesson, I mean, after the placement exam, we believe that you better in, you better just stay in the A1 class. But after you enter to the first lesson, you find the class is too difficult or find the class is too easy for you. You still can talk to the course instructor and ask him if it's possible for you to level up or level down. Okay? So if you do find that the class you'll be assigned to does not fit your levels, make sure to talk to the course instructors and ask them for their help to change to the class or any advice from them. Maybe they can give you some more advice that you just need to get used to, just need to take a few more lessons to get used to it, especially because in Taiwan here we use the traditional Mandarins and some of the students learn simplified Mandarins while in their home countries. So that could be the case. So no matter what, attend the first lesson and if you feel that the class is not the right level for you, talk to the course instructor asking for their advice. Okay? All right. Now we come up to some of the common questions about the course selections. All right. So can I select the course across departments? Yes. Exchange students may generally take course offers by different departments. So even if you are in the history department, if you want to take a course offer from accounting departments, feel free to apply for it. Okay. And then can undergraduate students take graduate level course? Yes. It's possible. If you are interested in some of the master degree course, can you take it as an undergraduate student? Yes, you can. But however, you will need the approval from the instructor. So what you're going to, I mean, and by the way, since from our system you are not available, I mean, undergraduate students are not available to select or apply in the master degree or a PhD course. The only way to add the course is to go through manual course adding periods. Does everyone still know which phase is it and which week is it? Phase three? Yes. No. Phase three is unlike course adding and dropping periods. So it's not the manual course adding periods. So the answer will be phase four. Phase four, the manual add and dropping periods. This, if you are an undergraduate student and wish to apply for a master degree course, you won't be able to apply that through our online systems. You're only available to do that manually. So what you need to do, I mean, firstly, before the semester begins, you can send emails to the professor asking for their permissions first. Attend the first lesson asking for the professor's permissions as well. And if the professor agrees for you to enroll to the class, and then, I mean, they will send a form for you and wait until phase four to hand in the form to the department office. But, however, there's one thing I need to remind everyone is that whether accept you or not, it all depends on the professors. So it's not something they must do for you. Be nice and be generous and ask them nicely. And they do have a right to reject your, I mean, request as well. So keep that in mind, please. All right. So this is about the common questions about course selection. There are a few more which I want to mention that can you join the course that is already full? Well, yes, you can. I mean, two ways. If you are in phase three, which is the first week of a semester, the online course ad and drop-in periods, put yourself in the waiting list, simple, and then waiting for the chance to get in. If you still don't get it at phase three, well, you enter to the phase four. Ask the professor's, I mean, advice, I mean, ask the professor's permission. If they do accept you in virtual class, they will send a form for you, hand in the form to the department's office, and even through the course has reached their capacity, you still will be adding to the class. Okay. So how many courses should you take? Well, I don't mind. At least you take some of the course in NCCU shows you are a student in here. But even so, I don't mind. Your home university will care about it. So make sure to contact your home university and asking about your requirements about how which course you can take, which course you cannot take, and how many course you are required to take in NCCU during your exchange period. But no matter what, you need to take at least one course, this is for me, to show that you are still students, you are still exchange students in NCCU here. At least one, two, three course, that's my advice. Okay. All right. And I mean, this is only for student at undergraduate students and master's degree students. If you are a PhD student, that will be a different thing. I mean, PhD students, not much, but I know you guys actually come here for your own research. I'm not going to request you must you take any of the class, but if you do, we are happy to accept you. So only for PhD students, you do not really need to take any of the class if you don't want to. Okay. All right. So, I mean, are there any course restrictions? Yes, we do. Some of the course offered by let's say, IMBA, EMBS, they are not IMAs, they are not opens for exchange students. We do have all of the department which they don't offer, their course is not open for exchange students, right on our factories and also in this PPT files, too. So please make sure that don't select those course. And sometimes there are some courses which they said, I mean, while you check the course syllabus, they did not mention about that, but they also reject your request to enroll to a class. This may be because how the professor would like to manage their class. So we also respect to how the professor would like to manage their class. So if you're being rejected, well, there's nothing I can do to it. So my suggestion for everyone is that please always to give yourself a few more options. So if you can't get enrolled to any specific course, you still got another chance to use our class as a replacement. Okay. All right. All right. Let's come to the Q&A part for part one and part two. So if you do have any question, please feel free to type it right now and we'll go to start up from the very beginning. All right. Matthew, I think your system has already answers. Yes. The thematic mentoring course is only available as a course selection system. You need to do that at that time. All right. All right. Angeline. Angeline asking about do we have access to the gym facility even if we don't take physical education course? Well, yes. Gym is actually open to all of the students. But however, they charge. Not expensive. I think it's only charged like every time you use it, I think they charge you about $50,000. It's quite cheap. And they also offer student discounts. And they do offer monthly tickets, weekly tickets, and semester long periods tickets as well. Actually, quite cheap. And you feel free to use it. And the gym is actually open to all of the students. Okay. All right. Sophan, you're asking that just add another question to available to sport equipment. Oh, available of sports equipment. I know the gym is open for students. And I know the swimming pool is open for students. But for the equipment, I think you need to prepare your own unless you join the sports club. You know, in NCCU here, we do have a lot of student sports clubs. You can actually join them and borrow the equipment from them. All right. Angeline, you've got next question. If we hesitate between two courses teaching at the same moment, is it possible to apply one and attend the first course and then attend the other course we are hesitating with the next week? Moreover, is it possible to apply for Cinema E-Class and then choose between both according to the levels we are assigned after the placement test so that we can choose our favorite one? Well, for the mentoring course, I say that you can do that. You can do that. I mean, of course, you can do that. It's fine to do it. But for other class, well, for other class, for other academic class, you also can do exactly the same thing. But there's one thing which concerns me a lot is that whether you will be accepted or not because you won't be able to enroll into two of the class at the same time because there's a time overlap. So, which will become like you have enrolled in one of the course, but the other course you won't be able to add or apply for that one. So, at the time you make your decision at week two, there may be a great chance that the course you have attended at the first time is unavailable for you to add already. And all the course you want to add which you attend at the second week of the semester is unavailable for you to add as well. So, due to these possibilities, I don't think there will be good ideas to keep two courses at the same time slot because it will become very complicated for you to figure out how to add. And actually, the chance to not get either of the class are very great. So, I mean, if possible, try not to do it. Okay? All right. So, next question, I would like to ask whether exchange students take the same final exam as local NCCU students or are there separate exams for exchange students? You, I mean, if you take, I mean, exchange programs means you need to come here and study as other students. So, yes, you do. You will take exactly the same exam as other students. But, I mean, this is a small tip saying that if you need to maybe return to your home earlier due to your home university's academic calendars, you need to be returned earlier. That's, I mean, you are free to negotiate with the course instructor. Not guaranteed that they will accept it, but most of the time they will do offer you a different way to complete your final exams or any other way for you to complete the whole courses. So, if you do have trouble to complete the final exams because you need to return to your home country, please feel free to talk to the course instructor and ask him whether there's a possibility to do the exam online or to submit assignments to other placements. Okay? All right. Next question. Yes. What are the chances to get into classes offered by other departments? Very high. Because it all depends on, well, it very depends on whether the course is actually quite popular or not. If the course reaches capacity very fast, well, then there will be less chance. And if the course do have a lot of, I mean, open space, you are very easy to enter to the course. So, it's not really about, I mean, very difficult for you to apply for a course in different departments. It's all about the capacity of the course and whether it's actually reached the capacity or not. Okay? Right. Next question. Are exchange students required to take mandatory course for their department? No. There's no, I mean, required, there's no required course you need to take. So, just take the one you want. That's, take the one you want to take. That's it. All right. Valentin is asking, would it make sense to apply for more courses than required, then my whole university is easier and drop them later in the case I'm not accepted to the summer course? Yes, you can do that. Yes, you can do that. Of course, you can do that. But please make sure to drop the course you don't want to. Please do not keep the course. The course will make the professor keep on trying to looking for you and keep on trying to reach me for the help to find you and do sort of other stuff. But no matter what, I will still suggest our students to talk to your home university and find out whether you can take the course or not before you select the course. Because I do have some of our students, they need to change all of the course they applied. And then it's actually caused a lot of trouble to find the course and contact your professor at the course. So please make sure to contact your home university. Ensure that at least the course, well, the set of the course you select at the first place does, I mean, under the requirement from your home university. Okay. So next question is, so PE class can only be selected manually in phase four? Correct. All right. For my master's programs, I'm supposed to take language course, but these are only offers at undergraduate level. However, I just saw that accredited undergraduate course are not accredited for the master's degree. What can I do in this case? So Linus, regarding to your question, it's back to one point, is that whether your credit can be transferred or not, it depends on your home university. No matter this credit, no matter this course offer in undergraduate levels or what is a master's degree levels or even if it's a PhD degree levels, no matter which levels is offered by NCCU, whether accepted as a credit transfer or not will depend on your home university. So no matter what, it will still appears on your transcript if you take an undergraduate course, but it's got a small minus mark in there saying that this course cannot be called credits towards graduations, and this message is only for degree seekers, which means only for NCCU's local students, because whether it will be accepted or not, and back to the points, it still depends on your home university, not us. Okay? All right. So now you've got a question, where can we exactly join the sports club? I mean, in the second or the third week of a semester, they have student club fairs. This will be the best time. All right. Will there be information days for a student club? I guess that's the same question. That's the same answer. There will be a student fair. I mean, the student club fair. All right. Will there be some kind of club? Yes. All right. Can I also enroll in the course that we are not in my learning agreements? None of your questions, that's a very good question. Yes, you can. We don't reject, I mean, we don't mind what kind of course you take, as long as you take the class, attend the class, and complete the class, I mean, unless, I mean, hard work. I think this is what I need to say. As long as you're hardworking at the course you take, I'm totally fine with it. All right. Is there an email or part of NCC website I can learn more about visa process? What visa should I apply for? Do I apply by online before going to Taiwan e-visa or regular visa? All right. I mean, I think I do share this information, I mean, at our... All right. To your question, I think I need to answer this way, is that I already offer all the documents you need, and the rest of the part you need to do is to contact the local Taiwan economic office, normally we call it TECO office, T-E-C-O office, and apply for it, and basically that's it. And for semester-long students, you need to apply for visitor visas, and for one-year exchange students, you will need to apply for resident visas. And those informations are all inside our official website as well. Okay? All right. And C-Way, you're asking about there are language course over, like, Japanese. Yes. I mean, NCC, our foreign language departments actually offer a lot of different language, I mean, from Spanish, I mean, to... From Spanish up to some, like, Russians. We also do have Russians, Japanese, and Koreans. I mean, yes, we do offer different kind of language class you can take. All right. Claudia, would you recommend enrolling to the course we want during the Phase 1 if they are available, or should we just wait till Phase 2? Is it possible they all already be full by Phase 2? Well, I will say that if you can add a course at Phase 1, feel free to do so. And there's no full or not at Phase 1 and Phase 2. As I said that, I mean, at Phase 1 and Phase 2, they were collecting all of the applications, and then they come up with the results on the 5th of September. So, it doesn't really matter if you add at Phase 1 or you add a course at Phase 2. It doesn't make any change. Okay. All right. If I register for the Internship Mentoring placement exam, can I still enroll in the Chinese Elementary course also? Well, also, would it be possible for me to decide later to choose the course which is the most suitable for me? I mean, I'm not quite sure if I pronounced your name wrong, but it's called Centronic. Sorry if I pronounced your name wrong. I will recommend you not to do so because Internship Mentoring is actually divided into four courses, and students must enroll in four of them altogether. So, which cause the add and drop process very difficult to do so. And the only difference between the Chinese Elementary course and the Internship Mentoring course is the portions of the work in Internship Mentoring class. Internship Mentoring class and Elementary class, I believe they use the same textbook if you are in the same levels. The main difference is the time spent on studying Mentoring. In Internship Mentoring, you need to spend 12 hours for the class hours every week, but in the Elementary class, you only take three hours per week. So, I think that will be very clear for you to make the decision whether to take it or not. Please try not to make any change afterwards because this will make you very, very hard and make us very, very hard to change your class. Okay? Alright. Fine. So, any of the course selection, I mean course selection system, we are not, there are some courses where syllabus is missing only by MAs. I'm not wondering where I updated and should we contact the professors also. Also, if the course is an elective but also an EMI courses, are exchange students still allowed to apply for it? Or are we simply not to be students in the course locations and if we want to attend the Master's thesis, what should we, should we contact them during the course space or not? Alright. So, Annie, regarding to your question, so firstly for the syllabus, whether upload or not will depend on the professor. So, if you still not upload it, I think they still have a chance to upload it and they have a great chance, you still can find it later on, maybe this week after, before the course selection started. And if you still can't find the syllabus and you really want to, really need a syllabus, you can contact the professors and ask them for their help. I mean, if they can provide you with the syllabus so you can actually, I mean, use it to read it or even you need to hand it back to your home university. And regarding to some of the course, I would say that, I mean, some of the EMI course and also some of the elective course, have a shot. If you can apply for Phase 1 and Phase 2, feel free to have a shot on that. And even if you cannot apply for Phase 1 and Phase 2, you still can send the professor emails whether you can take it or not. Because at the end of the day, unless it is actually a very strict restriction from the department. Otherwise, we will still consider the professor's personal willingness at first. So if the professor is willing to accept you, and most of the time they will still accept you, even if the system does not allow you to do so. And this is the same case to master degree course for undergraduate students. As I said, as long as the professor accepts, I mean, you will be accepted. Unless the course are strictly, I mean, strictly, I mean, they have a strict, unless the course have a very strict regulations from the department. That will be a different thing. So no matter what, have a shot. Send the professor emails. And, I mean, by the way, please make sure to contact them a bit earlier. Or at least attend the first lessons to talk to your professor directly. And while we talk about attending the lessons, attend the first lessons and the first week are very, very important. Because some of the professors may told you that, I mean, if you did not attend the first lesson, they will not accept you to enroll to their class. And some of the professors may even show how they're going to manage the class. So whether they will accept extra students after, I mean, even over the capacity, or they will not accept any more students after, I mean, over the capacity. So attend the first lesson to get all of the very important information so you know what you can do for the next step. Okay? All right. I still got part three and part four need to mention. Let me get quickly done. If you do have questions still typing, please keep it so I don't need to, I mean, so it won't be non-startable. Does it make sense for exchange students to open a Taiwan bank account? Well, doesn't seem like any problems to me. What happens if we fail a course? Well, then you need to ask your home university about this case. I mean, yeah, because whether to transfer the credit back or not, or whether it will affect your academic record or not, it depends on your home university, not me, actually. All right. So for last one, last question. Kelly, you're asking, I want to ask whether the intensive Mandarin course and the exam is compulsory course for all exchange students. No. Of course. As I mentioned very early, there's no compulsory course for any of the students, I mean, for everyone. You are required to take a course, but any of the course, we do not require you to take any, I mean, Mandarin course or intensive Mandarin course or something like that. If you don't like Mandarin, don't need to take it. If you don't like accounting class, don't need to take it. Take the class you like. Okay. All right. So this is the Q&A for Part 1 and Part 2. It's already one hour past. Let me quickly go through Part 3 and Part 4, because I still want to go home on time. All right. So what I'm up to. Part 3. Part 3 is talking about, I mean, the survey you need to fill out for me. I forgot to change it. It's for 2026 arrival survey. It's not, I mean, spring semester. Sorry. I forgot to change this part. I will change it later. All right. So for the surveys, please make sure to fill out for me. I need to know when will you arrive in Taiwan, and you need to upload your overseas insurance documents up there. And the reason why we're asking for overseas insurance documents, that's because we are not the ones who ask for it. I mean, the Taiwan's Ministry of Education, they are the ones who are asking for it. But they do not say any regulations. They say what kind of insurance you need to have or how much you need to spend on it. As long as it's covered by accidents or medical expense at your exchange period in Taiwan, that will be fine. And as long as we know that you buy overseas insurance, it will be fine for us as well. Okay? All right. And we also want to know whether you will attend the orientation or not, because I'm going to be honest to you. This semester, I got about 300 exchange students for the university diversity exchange programs. And last year, I only got like 250. So I got way more than I expected. So I really need to know whether our orientation is able to fit in that much of students or not. So please let me know whether you will attend the orientation or not. And then you also need to upload your medical exam documents. So there are two, I mean, if you are exchange students for one year, which means you will need to apply for resident visas. And the resident visa actually requires a more complicated and more detailed health exam in order to get a resident visa. So if you do have your resident visa, normally we believe you have already passed all of the health exams required by us, by NCCU. So just send us a small copy of your resident visas, will be replacement for the health exams. But if you are a student who only here for one semester, I mean, normally while you apply for the visa, you don't need to do any of the health exams. So we will need to have the health exam from June. You can do that at your home country. Just send us your chest X-ray results and also send us your MMR vaccine records and we'll be fine. And the form C is just for you and for your clinic, easier to fill out the form and to write down the information. And if you are not available to do that at your home country, you want to do that in Taiwan, still possible. NCCU here, we do organize a group health exam. So if you do want to apply for the group health exam, you still can do it and still you need to apply through the arrival service. And I think the day will be, the day for the group health exam, I think it will be on Saturday. I think this will be the 5th of September, if I didn't get it wrong. I think that will be the 5th of September, which is Saturday and we will have a group health exam in NCCU. All right, and we will talk some more about the body programs and the mentoring course, which is the placement exam. I think I put that on the last bit, so we will skip that part later. And for the body program, if you didn't apply that about two or three months ago, and unfortunately you won't be able to apply for it because we don't have that much of students to enroll to the program. So very unfortunate for that one. But still, if you do have any questions, feel free to come to OIC and find me. All right, so as I mentioned, for the arrival service, we will need to upload the insurance documents and we want to know the orientations. And by the way, for the orientation, it's not mandatory. So if you don't want to attend that, you may not. But this is only for students who live off-campus. For students who live at on-campus dorms or you live in I-House, under NCCU's regulations, you need to attend the orientation because there is a fire workshop section which is required for all of the on-campus dorm residents or the I-House residents. So whether this is mandatory or not, it depends on where you live. It depends on your accommodation status. If you live off-campus, well, if you don't want to come, you don't need to come. But if you live in I-House or on-campus dorm, I mean, you better come. Otherwise, you will need to do the fire workshop by yourself to some other museums very far away from NCCU. So, yes. And by the way, if you decide not to come, there's one more thing I need to remind you. So if there's any information you're missing out on the orientations, you will need to find it yourself. Alright, and the medical exam, I think we have talked about that already. And the body programs, regarding the body programs, there's only one thing I need to let you know. I think your body will start to contact you by mid to late August. And I'm mainly to help you for how you're going to use the academic systems. Yeah, basically that. Please do not ask them to do something which is above their... I mean, above their... I can't really find a word to describe it. But, I mean, for example, this will be easier to give you an example. For example, please do not ask them to become your... Please do not ask them to find off-campus accommodation for you. Because they are not actually asking you to do so. They only ask you to support your academic... I mean, regarding to how you're going to use your academic NCCU systems and to teach you or to let you know about the regulations of NCCU. So please do not use them as your private servants. They are not, okay? They are just here to volunteer, to help, and hopefully to meet new friends. Okay? All right, part four. Part four, we're talking some more about the... Part four, I'm mainly focusing on after you arrive in Taiwan. So part four, we'll be talking about the new student package, the orientation days, and some of the culture trip. So while you're part four, there's one thing. Part four is different from other parts because part four has its attachments. So part four, you're also attached with a simple calendar designed by OIC which gives you ideas about the important days you need to know before the semester begins because I think we're only up to... We only create two months, the August and the September. So we do actually mark when is phase one and when is phase two and when is the orientation day, those days, and that. So please make sure to keep an eye on the calendars we create by OIC. And then we also have a small file to show you the direction to OIC as well. All right, so while you come to NCCU, what's... Yes, while you come to NCCU, the first thing you need to get from us will be your new student package. So what's inside of your new student package? It will be, first, your student ID card. Second, a payment slip. Third, there will be a phone R2M. And the last one will be a phone which lists out the important days you need to know for it. All right, so let me start off with the student ID card. So what is the student ID card can do for you? So student ID card, firstly, there will be the access to the library and to the dorm. So if you live in an on-campus dorm, it is required before you go to check-in. So if you live in an on-campus dorm, the first thing you need to do is come to find us and get your new student package. Get your student ID card, enter to the dorm, and then ask for a dorm supervisor for the key of your room. But make sure to come here to get your student ID card first. Otherwise, you won't be able to enter to the dorm. All right, so what else a student ID card can do? Student ID card is also an easy card, which is a cash card commonly used in Taiwan for public transport. So basically, everyone will have one. And why I need to mention about this part? Because a lot of students come here and they buy their own student ID card way more earlier while they're arriving in the airport. And while they found out that their student ID card have the same facility, they always complain about that. This time, everyone knows that in advance. Your student ID card can also work as an easy card. All right, so next thing you will find in your new student package is that there will be a payment slip. So if you live in an on-campus dorm, this will also include your dorm fee. If you're living off-campus and if you live in a house, you still have a payment slip because there's one fee which every student needs to pay for, which is called group insurance fee. Does this allow us? Not really. I mean, it's only about around approximately 200 up to 250 Taiwan dollars. So it's actually quite cheap. But all students are required to pay for that amount of money. This is to cover the accidents that happens inside of our campus. Well, if you do happen, I mean, if there's some accidents that happens inside of our campus, I mean, the insurance does cover a bit for you. Not all of them, not much, but at least cover a bit for you. So the group insurance is required for all of the students in NCCU here. And by completing the payment slip, by settling the payment slip, you complete your enrol process. So you will be only recognised as NCCU students after you settle the payment for your group insurance. If you don't pay for it, if you don't pay for it, then you will be kicked out from the system after the first month of the semester because on our system, you still remain unenrolled. Okay? So please make sure, I mean, no matter where you stay, on campus, off campus, and at house, the payment slip, everyone has a payment slip, they need to pay for it. Okay. All right. And then regarding to phone IMM, it's simply a phone for you to use, I mean, during the manual course adding and dropping period, which is phase four. So they got a few sections, you can fill out the course information, and then bring the phone to asking professor to sign up for you. So this is the phone. We will give you one inside of your student package so you can use it. And there's one more thing inside of it, it's a list of important day you better know. And yeah, simple. Literally, the important day. All right. So when can you pick up the student package? Student packages are available to pick up from August 31st up to September 2nd. And during that period of time, you can pick up at either 11 o'clock or 4 o'clock in the afternoon. At that time, we will have a short info sessions to explain the things inside of the student package and share some of other information, which, I mean, we believe this is also important for you guys as well. If you don't want to attend for the info sessions, you can come anytime. But we won't explain anything inside of the student package. You need to figure it out yourself. Just as I mentioned that we got 300 students. We don't want each of our students to come here. We need to explain everything, I mean, once. It takes too much effort to do it. So if you decide not to come at, I mean, 11 o'clock or 4 o'clock, you still can come here to pick up your student package. But we won't explain anything for you. Just simply pick up your student package and that's it. And some of our students may ask that, and of course, you can still pick up your student package and come back at 11 or come back at 4 o'clock just to listen to our short info sessions to share some of the information. But if you don't want to, totally fine. But you need to figure out the information yourself. Okay? Alright, so some of our students may concern that if I came here in the first week of the semester, which is after the pickup time we write in here, is that possible? Yes, still possible. I mean, you can come here anytime at our office hour to pick up your student package. But we just don't have time to explain what's inside of the student package and share the information to you. Okay? So I highly recommend you guys to visit us at 11 o'clock or 4 o'clock so we can share some more information to everyone. Or at least for us to know you. Okay? Alright. And for students who stay in the On-Campus Zone, because the On-Campus Zone is available to move in from August 29 and 30, which is the weekend, we still open a very special booth at the place which is called Bajiao Pavilions. And I write OIC stuff, so basically I am the one who will be there from 10 to 4. And that weekend, I will be there to give you guys the student package. And for you guys, if you guys don't want to come here at August 31st up to September 2nd and you did arrive to Taiwan earlier, just want to come to Bajiao Pavilions to see me to get your student package, feel free to do so. I will be there to give everyone their student package. But you need to be aware that Bajiao Pavilions is an open space and August is still summer in Taiwan. It's very hot in there. It's very hot in there. No air-conditioning. Alright. Next one. Alright, this is how you're going to find the OIC office. Okay? This one, one thing which I need to remind everyone is that because we do have constructions around in campus, so please take care while you come into NCCU. Alright, here is also a small map which shows where is the Bajiao Pavilions and also shows where is the administration buildings, which is where the OIC office is located. Okay? Alright, and for Uncampus Stone, students who live in Uncampus Stone, please note that in the old, the dome, I mean in NCCU we do have, we can separate our campus as two parts. One part is called Downhill Campus and the other one will be Uphills. Uphills are basically the dome. So you need to go to Uphills to find your dome. And please note that if you are an undergraduate student, inside of your room you do have a mattress already. But if you are a graduate student, your room does not have a mattress. And by the way, because with our, and there's one thing common is that our Uncampus Stone does not provide any other things such as the bed sheets, pillows, duvets, etc. You need to buy them yourself. Again, you can either choose to buy that outside of our campus or if you are already inside of our campus and we do have a convenience store at Uphills dome sections, you still can buy all of these items inside of our campus as well. Okay? Alright, and there's one more thing which a lot of students get confused is that do you need to settle the payments before you enter to the dome? Not really. So you feel free to check into your dome first and settle the payment in the next days or the day after as long as it's within our, I mean, within our, the deadline will be fine. So you don't need to be like, you must pay the payment before you enter to your dome. No, you can simply check in first and then settle the payment. Alright, next part, the dome fee refund. Alright, so if you don't like your dome, you feel free to move out. But however, to cancel your dome or to move out, the amount of money refund will be a bit different. So if you actually cancel your dome up to two weeks before the semester begins, we don't charge you, which means 100% will refund back to you. If you actually, I mean, cancel your dome two weeks before the semester begins, they will charge you with 500, I mean, let's say, cancel fee. If you're already checking into the dome for the first, I mean, first week and few guidelines, the dome isn't really the place for you. Feel free to apply to move out. Move out, they will also refund you two third of the dome fee for you. And the rest of other things, just for your consideration if you want to move out. Alright, so yes, the dome check-in, the dome check-out process, that's not something you need to know right now. That's something we will share again at the end of the semester. So don't worry too much about this part. Alright, NCCU I-House. NCCU I-House, if you are the lucky students who actually get NCCU, I mean, get support in NCCU I-House, sorry, I didn't change your orientation because I don't know when is the orientations, but I think they will share those informations later, later in August. They do have their own orientation to share you some of the informations or the things you need to know about I-House. Alright, so to check-in I-House, to check-in to I-House is different from check-in to the on-campus zone. Check-in to the on-campus zone, you need to have your student ID card first. But to check-in to I-House, you don't. Just simply go to I-House and pay the rest of the amount of the dome fee you need to pay for it, then you can check-in. And there's one more good thing for I-House is that I-House, they do have a front desk which is open for 24 hours. So you can check-in basically anytime. But however, please make sure if you need to check-in very late at night, send them a message, send them an email and let the staff know about that so they can get prepared for you. So if you're a lucky person, I mean, if you're a lucky person who get I-House, then that will be, things will be much more simple for you. Alright, so what's this map about? Oh, this is a map which I just actually circled out the bus stop where you can take a bus to Uphill. And yes, this is a map of Uphill. And you can find where's the downtown service centres and also the cafeterias, where's also the convenience store located. And the mailing address is over in here. The orientation days. Orientation day will be held at September 3rd and will be started from 12.30 up to 5. And yes, basically this is the locations and the things you need to be aware of. Let me skip this part as well. And yes, this will be in the College of Law. So this is a place where we're going to have our orientations. And yeah, lastly, the culture trip. So the culture trip, I mean, me, Billing, I do like to bring students to go out. So I do have a lot of culture trips which I've organised for our students. You don't find that much of information because I haven't decided where to go. So, I mean, before the semester begins, so the first week of the semester, if you do see the calendars and you already see, you will find out that I actually already set up the date for it. So, the 2nd of September, the 2nd of September and the 5th of September, we will have a small local culture trip which I will bring students to. I mean, the 2nd of September, I will bring students to a place which is called Dadaotun. And we also can experience about the traditional costumes experience. We will change the traditional course. And the 2nd part, which will be in the 5th of September, I haven't decided where to go yet, but I'm still thinking about that. And Saturday, if the weather is good, I'm considering to also organise campus tours on Friday. Well, I also plan to organise small campus tours and also take everyone to a place which is called Sinan Temple for hiking as well. And this is the culture trip which I organised before the semester begin. During the semester, there is also another trip which I will bring all of our students to go somewhere far away, to go to Yilan to experience about our Taiyas, traditional tribes, cultures, and yes. And there's one more big event in this semester is that we do have a thing which is called Ban De. If you guys do enter that before our info session starts, I do play a lot of videos. We do have that Ban De which students can experience our local meals and enjoy our local cultures in Taiyas. Those are the culture trips which I will organise. And if you actually go to our YouTube channels and see the channel which is called NCCU OIC, we do have a few videos posted on that. And you are always welcome. By the way, we do have a capacity of how many students I can take. So if you are interested in having those culture trips with me or to join those culture trips, please make sure to keep an eye on our WhatsApp community and also keep an eye on your email box because I may send those information anytime next month. I will send an application link to everyone anytime next month during August, probably before the middle of August. Okay? Alright. This is basically just a short calendar to show everyone. Anyone got any more questions they want to ask? Alright, Rafael, you asked that I don't remember if you mentioned but is it possible to get student package during the student orientation? Sorry, I didn't mention about that part. I mean, the 3rd of September, you are also available to come here to pick up your student package. I mean, during the check-in time for the orientations, we will have our staff over there. If you want to pick up your student package at that time, you still can do that too. Alright. So is it possible to leave the luggage at Uncampus Stone and after pick up the student package? Leave the student and after pick up the student package. I'm not quite sure if I get your question correct. I mean, do you mean that you want to leave your luggage at Uncampus Stone first and come back to pick up your student package? In that case, I will suggest you not to do so. Because, I mean, which means you will leave your luggage in an open space. Especially during the, let's say that it's weekly, well, the week before the semester begins. We do have a lot of new students or even their parents or house-moving companies coming in and out to help the students. So there are too many people doing it in that area. So I will suggest you not to do so. So to get your student package first and then leave your luggage inside of your room first. Okay. Alright. So Pam, you're asking about if we are arriving to Uncampus Stone on August 29th, late night for Uncampus Stone, who we need to contact beforehand for hassle-free process. Alright. But if you arrive in Uncampus Stone at August 29th, late night, unfortunately you won't be able to access to Uncampus Stone. So in that case, I will suggest you to find a hotel or hostels and then come back the next day. Alright. Does anyone have any more questions? Alright. If you do have any questions you want to ask but you haven't finished your typing, just give me a thumbs up or raise your hand so I know I still need to wait for a few more minutes. Okay. Okay. By the way, while we're still waiting, I said that I will share every once about the videos and the PowerPoints afterward. But I don't think I will get it done today or tomorrow because firstly, the recorder takes time. So I think for Google, from my experience, Google will take about a few days in order to get it done. And I also need to update a few of the information on my PPD as well, on my PowerPoints as well. So I'm still going to share that, but probably it's going to be up to Friday. I'll share that on Friday. Okay. I'm still waiting, right? Okay. By the way, while I'm waiting, I just wanted to share some of the photos about our culture trip where I bring students in the last whole academic year. All right. Next question, let me see. So, in the last academic year, All right. All right, next question, let me see. So, is this possible to get our student package anytimes during the office hours, then check in to the on-campus store and then come back to the information meeting at 11 or 4? Yes, possible. Yes, you can do that. All right, next one. For NCCU IELTS, you mentioned that we will have to pay when we check in. We will have to pay when we check in. Is it still need if we already pay online? Well, I think online you only pay the deposit for it. So, it's only about like 30% of your dorm fee. Oh, wait. Okay. So, I'm not really familiar with IELTS, how they're going to charge it. But, I mean, if you already pay online, if you already set up all of the amount of money you need to pay for it, I mean, there's nothing... I mean, you don't need to pay again. Of course, you don't need to pay again. Where are we going to pay for the on-campus dorm? All right, the on-campus dorm fee will be leased at the payment slip. And the payment slip, you need to settle the payments. I think the second week of the semester will be the deadline for it. The second week of the semester will be the deadline for it. And where are you going to settle the payments? You will need to settle the payments at the cashier office or any of the convenience stores. So, the payment slip, you can pay at the convenience store, but the convenience store will still charge you about $10,000 to $15,000 as a service fee. But to pay at our cashier office, they don't charge you any extra, but they only open from 11 to 2, I think. They only open very short periods of time, I mean, every day. And by the way, I mean, if you want to... I mean, people say... By the way, if you want to pay by credit card, this is not possible. Sorry, we don't accept credit cards. I would highly recommend students to use cash. All right, all good. Does anyone still have any questions? If you do, please give me, maybe say, a thinking sign, like this one. No? All good? All right, seems like I have answered all of your questions. And before I end up today's info sessions, there's one thing which I really need to remind everyone, is that please, please make sure to keep an eye on our emails. I know to come to NCCU for Exchange Program may be a very big challenge for you, and you don't know what to do, a lot of stuff. And we are aware of that, and we do want to help you with this. So, I mean, since it started from the middle of August, we're basically going to send everyone emails every week, which to remind you, and just to show us what is important, and that week will be happening, or the following week will be happening. So, please read our emails, and if you do have any questions, feel free to reply back to us. We are happy to help you. Please do not keep your questions or keep your problems until the last minute. We can help, as long as you tell us earlier. Even if there's nothing we can do, we're still going to recommend something you can do to solve the issues. So, feel free to contact us, and feel free to visit us. We are always happy to help, and I wish everyone to please read through our emails, because we do spend a lot of time to doing this whole process. Okay? No matter what, I mean, I'm looking for you to meet everyone in NCCU, and hope you guys will enjoy the whole semester with us, or maybe enjoy the whole year with us. All right. Thank you. Thank you for coming for the info sessions, and I will see you guys in NCCU. All right. See you. Thank you.